Meeting
November 09, 2016

Present:
    Cameron
    Quentin
    Collin
    Mark
    Levi

Description:
    Virtual team meeting over Slack and Google Hangouts. Primarily discussed work on the Database and FileSystem objects.

Duration: 45 minutes

Discussion:
- Discussed about the current implementation of the FileSystem object.
  + It was debated if it was necessary to add a pointer to the parent file of a file, it was deemed not necessary.
  + The path of the file will be its unique key in the database.
- We decided that the file's UUId could be used for its encrypted filename.
- The crypto module is nearing completion, Cameron stated that was just a few tweaks needing to be made.
- Levi stated that he would likely have a prototype GUI by Friday, i.e. release 3.
  + It was brought up that having the functionality to obtain a list of root directories would be optimal for
      the GUI. Collin said he'd start work on it.
  + If the File System module is not functional by Friday, mock data will be used for presentation of GUI.
- The Watchman module is still in the research stage.
